✨Added env variable functionalities (#15)
kartverket/argokit: README.md

| `argokit.Roles`          | Creates a set of RBAC roles for this namespace                        | [examples/jsonnet/roles.jsonnet](examples/jsonnet/roles.jsonnet)                     |
| `argokit.AccessPolicies` | Configures inbound and outbound access policies for services and jobs | [examples/jsonnet/accessPolicies.jsonnet](examples/jsonnet/accessPolicies.jsonnet)   |

### argoKit's Environment API

| Template                                         | Description                                                                 | Example                                                                  |
|--------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `argokit.Environment.envVariable`              | Creates environment variables for an app                                    | [examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet](examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet) |
> | `argokit.Environment.envVariableSecret`        | Creates environment variable from a secret                       | [examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet](examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet) |
> | `argokit.Environment.envVariableSecretJob`     | Creates environment variable from a secret for a Job container              | [examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet](examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `argokit.Environment.variable`              | Creates environment variables for an app                                    | [examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet](examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet) |
| `argokit.Environment.variableSecret`        | Creates environment variable from a secret                       | [examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet](examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet) |
| `argokit.Environment.variableSecretJob`     | Creates environment variable from a secret for a Job container              | [examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet](examples/jsonnet/envVariables.jsonnet) |
```
